Remote Harvesting Director
    Container Harvesting?
    Larger Reservers?
    Contain construction logic for roads in remote room and through the anchor room
        Ensure correct path meeting up on borders
        Should be done? double check
    Move scouting out to the scouting Director
Construction Director
    Check why roads to home sources and controller is not working
    Look into extra movement space around the Storage?
Source Director
    Add creep to transfer all energy from anchor link to the store
Add scouting Director
    Finding adjacent remote rooms
    Finding expansion rooms
    Finding Invader core and Invader Fortress rooms
    Find better way to move between rooms
Mineral Director
    Add additional scaling to MineralHarvester
    Container Mining?
    Road to Mineral
    Add support to other Directors for spawning boosted creeps
        Have code for Labs to handle making boosts available for fresh creeps
Defense Director
    Create Defensive walls and ramparts around each base
    Create Ramparts over upgrader and harvesters (and harvester structures)
    Create Ramparts that'll survive Nuke splash on important buildings (Spawns, Storage, Terminal)
    Add Nuke marker detection
        Move buildings that are economical to move, out of the splash zone
        Reinforce ramparts on important buildings that cannot be moved
        Stop spawning new creeps into the room in a short period before the Nuke lands
    Classify attackers in room, to determine response
        None needed than keeping towers fueled?
        Need towers to hold fire due to enemy tank?
        Spawn repairers to handle dismantlers?
            Spawn melee attackers to defend within a rampart?
        Check ranged attack capability (Need to them be careful with movement close to those creeps)
        Need to spawn Combat Squad?
    Spawn defender creep to kill attackers above a certain threat
Combat Director
    Creation of Attack Missions: automatically or via a flag placed by the user
    Scouting location if needed (Flag created in an unscouted room)
    Design, Creation, Spawning and Boosting of a Combat Squad
    Creating Haulers to carry loot, if Mission likely to generate loot
    Handle Squad Movement to target room, engaging the target, and hauling the loot
    Targets:
        * Different difficulties of Invader Stronghold
        * Player rooms as per a flag
        * Power Banks
Automatic Expansion to New rooms
    Search data from Scouting Director
    if possible a new room should:
        have 2 sources
        have >= 2 remote mining rooms not already being harvested by another of our rooms
        have a different mineral to ones we already have OR another high value mineral
        be within a distance limit TBD
